Hello and welcome in this lecture, we're gonna be adding an impact particle effect to wherever we hit
with our rifle.
So let's dive in and see how it's done.
So it's gonna be a quick one because we want to do something that we've already done before, which
is spawn particle effects that aren't attached.
Now we know this is going to be using the game play static's again.
And let's go ahead and open up that head a file.
So gameplay static's dot h.
And we want to search for the spawn emitter within here.
This simple search isn't always reliable, so I'm going to just do a search spawn emitter.
And we are looking for the other versions of this spawner meter at location, that's the one we want,
and what we're gonna do is it's going to need the world, the particle system, a location and a rotation.
You could go with a zero rotation, but we actually want a rotation.
So let's go over to the game, to the gun, C++, rather.
And we're gonna use the spawn emitter at location to get world.
In here, and then we are going to give it a particle system.
So we need to go ahead and set one up, I'm gonna leave that blank as a to do for using as we already
had set up particle systems.
And then what we're gonna do, we gonna get the location.
That's fairly straightforward.
That's gonna be the hit location, isn't it.
And then the next thing.
Let me get my spacing right there.
Then the next thing is going to be the rotation.
This is slightly more complicated.
Now, the first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna create a vector for the shot direction, which is
going to show us where the shot was coming from.
And this one's fairly straightforward because we've already got the direction it's going in.
So where it's coming from is just going to be the negative of this.
So minus rotation, dot vector is gonna give us the shot direction where it was that shot coming from.
And that's gonna be useful when we're applying damage later as well.
So what direction?
Cool.
Great.
And what we want in here is a rotator.
So you can get a rotator from a vector in C++ just by doing Dott rotation like so.
And that should be enough so we can put a semicolon on the end of the line.
So all that remains is a mini challenge for you to fill out this particle system with something that
we can configure in blueprint's.
OK, welcome back.
So we're going to essentially do what we did with the muzzle flash, so I'm going to copy that you property
here instead of the muzzle flash, we're going to have the impact effect.
Like, so and we're going to use that in your game, play static's porn image at location.
Cool.
We're going to remove the draw debug point and we're going to have a go at compiling and playing.
Once you've got that's compile successfully.
We are going to go over to the content browser, open up our BP rifle.
So we need to attach a impact's effect.
Let's open up the book, Full Blueprint editor.
Go to class defaults.
Details impact effect.
Let's look.
See what we can find.
Impacts.
See if you've got something there.
I am.
Nope, no.
I am either.
Maybe it's going to be called hit.
I go got a Dré Wraith drone hits world.
We've got and a few different things down here.
And I think we can also choose some stuff from the shooter game.
Asset packs.
So if we go back to the content browser asset packs, shoot game weapons and not weapons sorry, the
effects and then particle systems and then weapons, salt rifle impacts.
Who got the.
H impact hate or something.
So we can I think I'm gonna be using that one.
So I h swung our search for assault rifle.
That'll be my impact.
Effect.
I quite liked that one in testing.
So we're gonna go out p but you can try out the other impact effects and try and hit a wall A..
When I hit the wall you can see the impact effect being spawned off of it.
So I'm very happy with that result.
The next lecture we're gonna be dealing damage to actors that we place around the world are exciting.
So I will see you there.